Add reference to VPCE ID network policies for SF OAuth docs (#5568)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/manage-access/set-up-snowflake-oauth.md

* In the Snowflake OAuth flow, `role` in the profile config is not optional, as it does not inherit from the project connection config. So each user must supply their role, regardless of whether it is provided in the project connection.

#### Server error 500

> If you experience a 500 server error when redirected from Snowflake to dbt Cloud, double-check that you have allow listed [dbt Cloud's IP addresses](/docs/cloud/about-cloud/access-regions-ip-addresses), or [VPC Endpoint ID when connecting over PrivateLink](/docs/cloud/secure/snowflake-privatelink#configuring-network-policies), on a Snowflake account level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you experience a 500 server error when redirected from Snowflake to dbt Cloud, double-check that you have allow-listed [dbt Cloud's IP addresses](/docs/cloud/about-cloud/access-regions-ip-addresses), or [VPC Endpoint ID (for PrivateLink connections)](/docs/cloud/secure/snowflake-privatelink#configuring-network-policies), on a Snowflake account level.
```

> If you experience a 500 server error when redirected from Snowflake to dbt Cloud, double-check that you have allow listed [dbt Cloud's IP addresses](/docs/cloud/about-cloud/access-regions-ip-addresses), or [VPC Endpoint ID when connecting over PrivateLink](https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/cloud/secure/snowflake-privatelink#configuring-network-policies), on a Snowflake account level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you experience a 500 server error when redirected from Snowflake to dbt Cloud, double-check that you have allow listed [dbt Cloud's IP addresses](/docs/cloud/about-cloud/access-regions-ip-addresses), or [VPC Endpoint ID when connecting over PrivateLink](/docs/cloud/secure/snowflake-privatelink#configuring-network-policies), on a Snowflake account level.
```
